Ignore transactions that have lower nonce than the highest nonce among transaction in storage (#1180)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

    can be validated rather than trusted due to MPT.  [[#1117]]
 -  `HashDigest<SHA256>` became serializable.  [[#795], [#1125]]
 -  `Transaction<T>()` constructors became not to validate itself.  [[#1149]]

>  -  `Blockchain<T>` became not to stage transactions with nonce that is
>     less than or equal to the highest nonce among the transactions
>     it has in its storage for a transaction signed by a specific address.
>     [[#1173], [#1180]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  `BlockChain<T>` became not to stage transactions having nonce
    less than or equal to the nonce of the same signer's latest
    transaction in already mined blocks.  [[#1173], [#1180]]
```
